So we want to start this off by,
like I said in the intro,
talking about the couple of
the characteristics of computer vision.
So I'm going to ask Randy here,
what is computer vision, Randy?
>> Well, like we mentioned before,
if you checked out module one,
the terminology or in acronyms.
So Computer Vision is basically,
CV, Computer Vision, and
it is processing or analyzing of
images for some kind of purpose,
say for research, or just for
image editing, or something like that.
Some big examples, would be SnapChat for
filtering, or PhotoShop for
modifying images.
And the basic overarching
principle to computer vision, is,
I would say, is trying to recreate what
the human body does when we see things.
So, we try to make a computer system
where it has images, and makes
some kind of decision, or obtains some
kind of information from those images.
Say, if we see someone
try to take our stuff,
we say, crap,
they're trying to take our stuff.
I gotta stop them.
>> [LAUGH]
>> The computer might not know that, so
you need to program that computer,
to tell the computer say,
if someone comes up and
grabs this item and
it's not there anymore, you need to
send an alert to somebody or something.
>> Yeah, there are a lot
of great tools you can use.
I mean, here, you're going to see some
libraries that are used that were
already created.
>> Yeah.
>> But if you have a chance,
I would recommend also
checking out MATLAB.
They have a lot of cool filters in there.
>> Yeah.
>> Transforms that you can take of images.
>> Mm-hm.
>> I remember doing a few cool things
in one of the introduction classes
here at UCSD, Introduction to Machine
Intelligence, where you can actually
create applications to detect lanes,
just by taking thresholds,
sending the closer to whites down to
white, sending to the closer to blacks up
to black
>> And then just scanning the pixels, and
finding where the thresholds are, and
just do that really quickly through a ton
of images, and next thing you know,
that's how you're detecting lanes
with a camera on your car, right?
>> Yeah, it's pretty cool.
And then also want to go
back on the libraries thing.
We're mainly talking about Simple and
OpenCV, but
we also want to mention
FastCV which is by Qualcomm.
But we haven't really worked with that so
we'll be mostly talking about open and
simple CV.
>> Yeah, there is FastCV,
it's Qualcomm libraries developed to do,
I want to say, a lot more complex stuff
with their particular processors.
>> Mm-hm.
>> But yeah, anyways, we're going to
be working mostly with OpenCV and
SimpleCV, right?
>> Yeah, it's more general, I believe.
>> Cool, cool.
All right, well, hopefully we gave you
some good talking points, or searching
points for Google, for you to go out and
do a little bit more research on your own.
>> Mm-hm.
Otherwise, stay tuned.
We will get to building that app shortly.